Added Intros for REST API Pages (#8371)
github/docs: content/rest/reference/issues.md

---
title: Issues

> intro: 'The Issues API enables the authenticated user to list and manage the issues created on different levels of repositories.'

Reviewer: I would suggest making this a bit more generic since this API is so broad:
```suggestion
intro: 'The Issues API enables you to view and manage issues, including issue assignees, comments, labels, and milestones.'
```
